---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# MasterChef V2 - Sushi

> https://app.sushi.com/pool

---

**Cheaper Gas** In the past, when users interacted with the MasterChef V1
contract, three functions were called, each of which used a single storage slot.
Storage slots on Ethereum are quite expensive, so the cost of gas for using
MasterChef V1 was somewhat high. Reducing the cost of contract interactions is
quite important because lower gas fees enable users to interact more often, and
of course save money. Hence, in MasterChef V2, these units of storage have been
optimized, and the total number of storage slots has been reduced from three to
one. Transactions on MasterChef V2 are much cheaper than in MasterChef V1,
especially when withdrawing and depositing SLP tokens.

**Double Rewards** The second improvement of the MasterChef contract has to do
with allowing other projects to add incentives from their own treasuries on top
of the $SUSHI rewards. In the original version of MasterChef, adding incentives
from another project was technically difficult, and not necessarily intuitive
for other projects. In this sense, giving developers more tools to add their own
rewards was clearly advantageous, as higher rewards promise increased liquidity,
which would in turn lower slippage, and increase the overall profitability of
the network. Hence, in MasterChef V2, the rewards contract can be used to easily
add in rewards from other projects. These rewards can either be configured as a
multiple of the $SUSHI rewards, or they can be configured to another standard,
like block hash and block timestamp. Projects who would like to add their own
incentives will need to be whitelisted to guarantee that our contracts are used
correctly. Weâ€™ll have more specific guidance on the application process very
soon, as well as a high-level overview to help developers implement double
rewards.

**Claiming On-Demand** The final major improvement has to do with the way users
claim rewards. In the first MasterChef contract, whenever you deposit a token
into MasterChef, the $SUSHI you accumulated beforehand were automatically sent
out to you. Since ERC-20 transfers are expensive, this is not necessarily
behavior that the user wants, especially if the user is depositing LP tokens.
Hence, in MasterChef V2, the user can choose when and how to harvest their
rewards. The contract does not automatically harvest their $SUSHI rewards when
the user deposits SLP tokens, and the user is able to harvest their rewards
independent of withdrawing. In combination with the improvement of gas
efficiency, users may now choose to claim more often, and they can always do it
when they choose.
